my head you appear to have a mild
concussion hey so where am i right now
I'm not sure the container walls are
hindering my sensors wait a minute
they must have hijacked a truck and
taking me to their evil lair
okay so maybe we're gonna have to fight
our way out of this one three what is
this place
suit lady where am I you're in the most
secure facility on the eastern seaboard
the damage controlled deep storage
vaults no seriously
oh the door will most likely remain
closed until morning
warning hey suit lady I kind of feel bad
calling you soup lady you know I think I
should probably give you a name
Liz no no no god that's that's weird
what about Carrie you can call me Karen
if you would like hey Karen
what else can this suit do huh what
maybe we should run that refresher
course ricochet ricochet way should I
tell this dude I'm spider-man
who is this who's this she said she's
the best she's awesome she's just a girl
who goes to my school
and yeah just I really want to tell her
but it's kind of weird you know hey um
I'm spider-man what's weird about that
what if she's expecting someone like
Tony Stark I mean imagine how
disappointed she'd be when she sees me
well if I were her I wouldn't be
disappointed at all
thanks Karen it's really nice to have
somebody to talk to
hey how long we've been here anyways 37
minutes what 37 minutes that's insane
cannot take this anymore guy dad get out
of here
[Music]